so this is the final chapter of Wendy
what's in your house um upstairs very
few things in the part of the house that
most people see there is I don't know
what this is it's like a weird custom
tank so it's probably like equivalent to
a 40 tall live planted cobalt tank and
there is adult Cobalts in here there's
one there I just saw yeah one back there
robots are my personal favorite just
because they have the yellow the green
the blue it's hard to see through the
glass here but then when the fruit fly
cultures are empty would plop them in
there they give the rest and then over
here there is some superb lose in this
one and there's one odd loan green and
black metallic of course I can't find
anybody when i'm looking for unless you
want in there that looks like the green
and black metallic see any other blues
may throw a live planet the walls are
planted waterfalls all the cool stuff
you can't find anybody when we're
looking for him but this is a 40 tall
and down here this is a 55 the
bumblebees live in the 55 because here's
a bumblebee their mom will be there it's
one will be there that I can see so
anyways it's a big huge long tank the
back is planning it Scott waterfalls
whole night little niches and notches
and hidey holes and sorts of cool
caverns and stuff it's hard to see with
the reflections or the glass but
those are all the adult bees and then
this is where turbo lives beside him
that's turbo spot with the dog toy and
then here comes his buddy last but not
least hey dude ah you're on YouTube
that's bones bones is rescue he is much
I found him outside last winter in the
snow hi bones the vet said he was under
a year at that time I'm come over here
come over here he was under a year at
that time can you say for the camera I
should go boy yeah he was under a year
we gotta get fixed and get all the shots
and get some teeth pulled and he has a
bad hip he was all black now he's
turning all grey yep and that's turbos
buddy he sits with turbo outside and
vice versa and comes up here in sets
under his power some one this is turbos
favorite thing in the world raspberries
with that terms one raspberry no don't
want the raspberry oh did you want it
nope yeah you have raspberry face and I
see raspberry on the carpet so anyways
so with bones that concludes Wendy
what's in your house that was the final
chapter